= dampfwalze

This is a simple little script to automate your PR-squashing workflow, so long as your PR-squashing workflow looks a lot like mine.

In particular:  I don't make contributors to my upstreams squash their own pull requests but I also don't really want to pollute the public history of my projects with a bunch of commits titled something like `CHECKPOINT CKPT WIP BBQ WHY DOESN'T THIS WORK YET`.  So when I accept a PR, I do something like this:

* check out the remote branch,
* generate a commit message consisting of the PR description, the PR number, and a summary of the commits in the remote branch,
* squash the remote branch into trunk,
* create a commit attributed to the author of the remote branch and signed off on by me, and
* push trunk back to GitHub.

== Contributing to dampfwalze
 
* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet.
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it.
* Fork the project.
* Start a feature/bugfix branch.
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2016 William Benton. See LICENSE.txt for
further details.

